(Kirk)
Previously on
"Floribama Shore"...
(Jeremiah)
Don't get me wrong.
Kortni is a good friend.
But I don't want anything more.
It's not worth ruining
a friendship over.
Gator thinks dysfunction
is love.
And that's not--
that's not what it is to me.
No.
He grabbed my face.
My mama don't approve of him.
Mom's are always
(bleep) right.
That's one big fact
I've learned about life.
I don't know if I see us
going forward.
I mean, it's obvious
that I'm into you.
When we hooked up,
it did mean something to me.
I'd love for you
to come back.
I'd love
to talk to you more.
Come on.
Wait a minute.
That's not Nilsa, Gus.
(snickering)
What?
♪♪
(man)
Welcome to Panama City Beach!
(group)
PCB!
♪♪
♪ Give me your love ♪
♪ For today ♪
♪ I'm totally so easy
to love ♪
♪ When you keep... ♪
♪♪
The hardest part
about all of this
is just the lack of privacy.
I bring a chick over
last night.
I'm rolling out of my own bed
this morning,
but I still feel like
I'm doing
some kind of walk of shame
through this house.
♪ Trying days
are changing me ♪
♪ I fought on hold ♪
I mean, but at the same time,
I'm in conflict with myself
because I don't know
if what I did is a mistake.
I'm just always in my head,
I'm always beating myself up.
Take a seat.
(scoffs)
Do you want me
to help you?
No, I got it.
Trust me, I cook every day
in this house.
Nobody else knows
how to cook.
But I'm trying to go out
and live my life, enjoy it.
But at the same time,
I feel bad for it, too.
These are good eggs.
I got a lot of practice.
That's like all
we eat here.
I wake up this morning.
I hear Gus talking to someone.
It sounds like a female.
It's not my best friend
and I'm gonna be nosy.
(Gus)
Usually the first one awake.
I gotta come clean up
from the night before.
It's always awful.
Hey.
(Gus) What's up, girl?
Who's this?
This is Kendra.
Hi.
Hi, Kendra.
(Gus)
You shoulda came out.
You would've had
a good time with all of us.
I had a great time
sleeping.
(Gus chuckles)
You literally hunched
my best friend 42 hours ago.
And now you got another girl
over here?
No, not today, Satan.
I'm waking Nilsa up
and I'm letting her know,
don't lay up with Gus again
'cause he done brung
another girl home.
(muffled)
I don't know.
(Nilsa)
That is like kind of disgusting.
Like it was less than...
48 hours ago when we hunched.
And now you're hunching
another girl?
Come and get me
when you wake up.
Okay.
At least let your wiener
have time to heal
from, you know, my vagina.
Good morning.
What's up?
Codi, come outside.
It's a beautiful morning.
(Codi)
Oh, it is pretty out here.
(Kendra)
Bye, guys.
(Gus)
Kendra's leaving.
We'll probably see you
later tonight, though,
wherever we decide to go.
Damn, it is nice
out today.
I'll be back
in just a little bit.
All right, bye.
Bye, nice to meet you guys.
(Aimee)
Bye, nice to meet you.
He turned down
my best friend
for that girl?
(chuckles)
What is his deal?
Hey, did Gus bring
someone home last night?
(Codi)
Yeah, that girl.
Her name's Kendra.
She's nice.
I'm like speechless,
honestly.
Where was I
when all this happened?
Asleep.
So did I come home first?
Yeah.
Oh, before he came home?
Yeah, you and Candace did.
I'm trying to piece
all this together
'cause I don't know.
Yeah.
(whispering)
Was she pretty?
Oh, (bleep), no!
That's what
I thought, too.
I didn't know
if I was still drunk.
'Cause, you know...
You know, I'm trying
to be like...
And you know, I don't like
talking about people like that,
but... I can't help
but laugh.
What can I say?
When you got it, you got it.
Uh, Aimee?
It is only 8:00
in the morning.
I need to go back
to bed.
It's too early
for me to be up.
She doesn't remember
anything that happened.
So we're never gonna be
anything ever?
Ever, ever, ever?
As of now, no.
I'm sorry,
but that's how it is.
You know, he tried
to tell her, we all did.
But it still breaks my heart
because I know
her heart's breaking.
Yeah.
And Nilsa's so pretty,
I don't want her
to lose her worth.
♪♪
(birds chirping)
What's up?
I'm gonna try
to get some sun.
(Jeremiah)
How did last night go?
You see that
freakin' (bleep)
Nilsa was trying
to pull at the bar?
Bro, it was bad.
I was trying to talk
to them girls from Iowa.
Freakin' Nilsa comes
right up,
grabs my hand,
and she like kept
trying to kiss me.
You know where Chicago is?
Where?
Chicago?
Kinda my team.
It's way out there,
isn't it?
Way out there.
Girly.
You know why she's doing it.
Like she saw I was talking
to somebody else.
She didn't like it.
Women!
(chuckling)
"Women."
I mean, friends with benefits
obviously sounds good.
It's sounds like a lot of fun.
But it never
works out that way.
At the end of the day,
she is a girl.
And girls are emotional.
They get their hopes up.
After that,
I didn't even consider
talking to the freakin'
Iowa girl.
A different girl walked in
and I started talking
to that one.
Oh, Kendra!
Yeah.
Aimee walked downstairs
this morning
and saw Kendra was here.
I could tell by her face,
she was like,
uh, Nilsa's
not gonna be happy.
Gossip is like eggs
to these girls, man.
They can't get
enough of 'em,
just like we can't get
enough of them eggs.
You ain't kiddin'.
God!
♪♪
(phone ringing)
Beach house.
Hello?
(beeping, dial tone)
What the (bleep)?
Has Gator called at all?
Not that I've answered,
he hasn't.
I guess I should
call him, but...
Is it bad
that I don't want to?
Yikes, yeah.
Yikes!
A whole lotta yikes.
(Candace)
I need to talk to Gator because
I don't feel like there's ever
gonna be a point
in our relationship
where there is happiness.
Break up with him,
Candace
But how do you
break up with somebody...
over the phone?
Nilly, let me know
when you're ready to go.
A lot has been going on
in the house.
Nilsa and Gus hooked up.
And last night,
he told her
that he didn't want
to do it anymore.
And he brung
another girl home.
(Aimee)
Don't dress up.
Just wear comfortable
clothes like me.
So me and Nilsa really need
a girls' day.
And I'm gonna see
where she stands with all this.
Hopefully she don't
give a (bleep).
(chanting)
Girls' day, girls' day.
Can I get acne
from laying right here?
Because all the guys
like fart and (bleep).
I don't know.
'Cause it kinda smells
like fart.
You ready?
Yeah, let's go.
Best-friend day!
And best-friend night.
And best-friend night,
'cause we're not going out
with the group.
God, I wanna be able
to do this all the time.
Want a best-friend day
every day?
Yeah.
(bleep), yeah, me too.
They ain't invited.
(line ringing)
Jada, I need you to look up
on the Internet
how to break up with somebody
by the name of GatorJay231.
I don't know what to do.
I really need to know
how to do this.
Like I ain't never broke up
with nobody before.
I just--
I don't know what to do.
Jada, please help me.
I don't know if there's
a strategy to it.
Um, is there
a first step, second step?
Like I don't really know
what to do.
Okay.
(Jada laughs)
(chuckles)
I just feel so bad.
Jada, I don't wanna
break his heart.
He gonna break--
It's gonna break his heart.
♪♪
If you ever try to get
back in the bed
with Gus again,
after he's told you no
multiple (bleep) times,
I will tackle
yo' ass.
I don't care if you're
drunk off your ass.
I don't care if
I have to skull-drag you
out the bed.
You ain't doin' it
no more, okay?
(sniffles)
'Cause you ain't
no (bleep) idiot.
You're a smart girl.
Do you hear me,
before I slam over--
You hear me before I slam
these (bleep) brakes?
Why are you crying?
'Cause it just like,
it hurts my feelings
that I just like...
Every (bleep) time I put
myself out there, Aimee.
Every (bleep) time.
(Gus)
Coming up...
Let's go run naked
on the beach.
Whoo!
Me and Nilsa are not
chi-chis up tonight.
We're just chi-chis out.
Where's my bra?!
I don't think that
the relationship is gonna work.
Okay, I--
I understand.
I don't like being responsible
for other people's pain.
Oh, my God!
(man)
That's what you're
gonna be coming into.
(Kortni)
Bike Week is huge.
This is like Spring Break
for adults
that have motorcycles.
(Codi)
I'm actually dreading
Bike Week.
(Kortni)
Yeah, I don't foresee y'all
being in with the bikers.
Yeah.
We gotta get out of here.
We've gotta get the (bleep)
out of this place.
♪♪
(Aimee)
Why are you crying?
'Cause it just like,
it hurts my feelings
that I just like...
Every (bleep) time I put
myself out there, Aimee.
Every (bleep) time.
You know what,
that's all of us.
Every time a girl
puts herself out there
and becomes vulnerable,
(bleep) guys (bleep) on 'em.
I'm always like,
why not me, you know?
I don't know.
Sometimes I wanna give Nilsa
shaking-friend syndrome
and just shake her till
she realizes she's beautiful.
I want you to realize
your self-worth
and not think,
why me?
Think, why them?
Why are they crazy?
Why are they blind?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
If a guy doesn't want you,
to hell with him.
'Cause you can find
somebody better.
Maybe you're my soul mate.
Maybe we just need
to get married.
Maybe best friends
are soul mates.
And then we can
just find boyfriends
on the side.
Yeah.
'Cause we don't
swing that way.
We don't swing
that way.
(Aimee)
The last time I was at Firefly,
it was Aimee Appreciation Day.
Oh, bad!
It's bad!
Let me smell.
(Aimee)
Best-friend day
is a little different.
(both laughing)
Me and Nilsa haven't had
a bath all day.
We look ratchet.
Aimee, my armpits stink.
They're gonna look
at us crazy.
♪♪
Y'all know I'm down for some
$2 burgers and crawfish.
Some oysters, too.
And get drunk.
Car bombs.
(laughing)
(both grunting, laughing)
(Candace)
We're gonna go
to Dat Cajun Place,
my favorite restaurant,
get some drinks,
have some food,
and then hopefully I don't have
to think about Gator.
(Kirk)
Pulling them
whites out, huh?
Yeah.
Y'all trying to get
zooted at Dat Cajun, too?
(Kirk)
Is this America?
(bleep), duh.
Best thing about
these shirts is
you'll never have
to (bleep) iron 'em.
Mmm...
Those socks are pretty dope
with those white-ass shoes.
I know they are.
Just look at all of us
right now.
What the (bleep)
is going on here?
What the... ?
This is just...
There's so much happening.
There's just...
(laughing)
Little bit of everything.
I might be the only one
that matches.
What are you talking about?
All this (bleep) in the ocean,
bro, or near it.
Thotmobiles are here.
Time to leave.
(Candace)
Yah, beach, yah!
(Jeremiah)
Let's go!
Any time!
(Nilsa)
Cheers to girls' day.
Cheers.
We are gonna be back
to thottin' and plottin',
and we're gonna have
a great night.
And you know what,
when you start feeling...
sad or lonely or crazy,
call me.
We ground each other.
Yeah.
I need to love myself
enough to know
when I'm not being treated
like I need to be treated.
I want to believe her...
but I also know Nilsa.
Thank you.
I go for the barrel-chested
freedom fighters.
That doesn't work out.
I go for the so-called
"nice guy,"
that didn't work out.
So you know what?
What do I do now?
Chug it.
Honestly I have no idea
who I'm meant to be with.
I honestly do think Aimee's
my soul mate.
She's my counterpart.
She's the other half
that makes me whole.
You know what I'm saying?
Like she's my girl.
We need to get a taxi.
I'm happy.
I love this place.
Honestly, I (bleep)
love this (bleep).
Hopefully there's
still crawfish.
I need a drink ASAP.
Right when we sit down,
I'm getting car bombs, bitch.
Yeah.
"Car bombs, bitch."
(laughter)
♪♪
Car bombs, car bombs,
car bombs.
Let's get it!
Jeremiah's just kinda being
like standoffish lately
ever since I told him
to tell me...
how he feels
for like the tenth time.
I don't know why
I did.
I feel like I'm just trying
to not make things awkward.
♪♪
Aimee, what do you
think the roommates
are doing right now?
Don't care.
Same.
How about their drunk
as a skunk somewhere,
I'm sure.
Let's go (bleep) up
the house for a little bit.
Friends are forever
and boys are just temporary.
So like when it comes to Gus,
I'm not gonna let him
get the best of me.
Let's continue this girls' day
and drink some champagne.
I wonder if you shot me
in the ass with it,
would it hurt?
Let's find out.
Come on.
I trust Nilsa
with a bottle of champagne.
She's been poppin' bottles
since she's been like five.
Hurry up!
I'm scared!
(both laughing)
Ahh...
(laughing)
Aimee...
(cork pops)
The bitch is crazy.
Paddle, paddle, paddle.
Paddle, paddle, paddle...
Shark!
I bet no one
in the history of ever
has surfboard and drank
champagne at the same time.
World Genius Book.
Champagne shower!
Whoo! Yeah!
(bleep).
Champagne shower today!
Oh, now I got too much
in my stomach.
(burps)
Ohh...
Nilly!
Aimee!
(Aimee)
Something's wrong with me.
I threw up a whole chunk
out of my nose.
Ha-ha-ha.
Every time I throw up,
I forget to open up my mouth.
So it spews
out of my nose.
Puke and rally, bitch!
(Nilsa)
Yeah!
I am Princess Goddess
Puke and Rally.
Let's go run naked
on the beach.
Whoo!
Oh, my God.
True best friends chase each
other naked if they have to.
Whoo!
Me and Nilsa are not
chi-chis up tonight.
We're just chi-chis out.
Swim, baby, swim.
Whoo.
(indistinct shouting)
(Nilsa and Aimee)
Whoo...
Whoo!
Where's my bra?
Oh, my bra's sandy.
Now I can't put it back on.
Our friendship is unstoppable.
Like that girl is my girl.
I don't feel like I could
have gotten over
this Gus situation
without her.
Spray it in my mouth.
Aah!
Aimee, hold on,
I spilled my champagne.
♪♪
♪ Let's have another... ♪
Ah, never waste
a drop.
Bitch!
(Nilsa)
Whoo...
Time out.
You all hear yellin'?
Whoo...
Cannonball!
You don't (bleep) scream
in my (bleep) house,
mother(bleep).
(Aimee laughs)
I puked and rallied.
I threw up a whole onion.
Kirk, we learned
how to surf.
(Kirk)
Do it.
I am not in the mood
to deal with that.
I gotta pee.
I'll tell you that right now.
(Jeremiah)
So I see Aimee and Nilsa
are in the pool,
and they have
a bunch of champagne.
I'm gonna go put
my swimming trunks on.
Cannonball!
Whoo!
(excited screaming, shouting)
(Nilsa)
See what I mean?!
(groans)
Ohh...
(whimpers)
I feel awful.
Why?
I'm just depressed
about Gator.
I don't wanna hurt him.
(Candace)
I feel so bad,
but I just don't see it
going nowhere.
Like we don't
even talk like that.
So, with that being said,
I'm just kinda to the point
where I'm like,
you know what,
it's better to go ahead
and end it.
'Cause at one point,
Gator did make me happy.
At one point, like
you may be happy,
but he ended up
being a (bleep) psychopath.
You can't help that.
You feel like
you deserve better,
which you do.
I'm here for moral support.
If you break up with Gator...
If you don't...
If you decide
to cheat on him...
It's whatever you want, girl.
I will clap for you
and I will support you, Candace.
Everything is happening
for a reason.
And God loves you.
Your mama loves you.
I love you.
Your family loves you.
And if you ever need
a prayer, I'm here.
Thank you.
(Candace)
I appreciate Kortni's advice,
but I'm tired
of talking about it.
I'm tired of being sad
and lonely and upset
about my failed relationship.
It's time for me to go ahead
and end it
and stop crying about it.
Ooh, I'm stressed out.
I don't want to have
to make this phone call.
(line ringing)
So...
I haven't heard from you...
since how long?
It looks a certain
type of way to me.
And now I've come
to a conclusion
that I don't even think that
we should be together no more.
It looks a certain
type of way to me,
and now I've come
to a conclusion
that I don't even think that
we should be together no more.
Okay.
Okay, I-- I understand.
I love you and I care
about you too,
but I don't think that
the relationship is gonna work.
I don't.
Because it's just...
Yeah, that's exactly
how I feel,
and it's how
I've been feeling.
All right.
Have a good night.
Bye.
So what happened?
It's like the worst.
I don't like being responsible
for other people's pain.
(crying, muttering)
(voice breaking)
That was a real hard phone call.
I feel like
a (bleep) person.
You can't make yourself
wanna be with somebody.
Honestly don't know
if like if I can see
a future with him,
you know what I'm saying?
Like he wanna build
this certain life.
And it's just my direction
where I'm going,
I don't think it's gonna
be the same where he going.
I know for a fact it's not.
It'll all get
better with time.
You'll feel better with time,
he'll get over it with time.
I hate I had to break
somebody's heart like that.
It hurts and it's gonna hurt
for right now.
I'ma cry about it
for a couple of days.
And...
And now I can see like
what else is out there
that's better for me.
♪ We were created from the ruins
ruins, ruins ♪
♪ Created from
the ruins, ruins, ruins ♪
♪ Risin' up from the ruins
ruins... ♪
(Nilsa shouting excitedly)
Whoo!
(laughter)
Ready?
(excited shouting, cheering)
Oh, my God!
Oh, yeah!
(laughing)
♪ We were created
from the ruins, ruins, ruins ♪
Get in the pool!
It's nice.
I ain't getting in.
I'll watch.
I ain't getting in that bitch.
(Gus)
Nilsa keeps looking at me
kinda flirtatiously,
but I'm not going
down that road.
So I feel like I just need
to go to sleep
and get away from everything.
♪♪
You almost done
in there, chief?
Yeah.
Good.
We're about to be
heading out.
Oh, my God...
This morning,
I'm waking up, you know,
I'm kind of feeling how hard
I went last night.
I'm gonna have a hangover
in like an hour.
I don't really want
to be around anybody.
All right, you boys...
and girls.
I'll drive.
(Codi)
Shotgun.
(Kortni)
Wouldn't have expected
anything else.
Um... ahem, yeah.
Ugh!
She's got that look
in her eye.
Yeah.
Can you get
your foot off that?
It's not a footstool,
bitch.
Don't call me a bitch,
you bitch.
You are a bitch.
Get off!
Punch me again.
I'm going to.
I will knock his ass
the (bleep) out.
That's Gus's.
You're a (bleep) bitch.
Stinky feet.
Takes one to know one.
Yeah, don't ever (bleep)
call me a bitch like that again.
(chuckling)
No .
Jeremiah is just changing
as a person, I feel like.
Quit being mean to me.
Maybe I'm just oblivious,
and I'm just now realizing
who he is.
Maybe that's my fault.
Get outta the way!
(bleep)
Volkswagen Jetta.
(bleep) high school teenager
have a nice car?
Douchebag.
Nice parking job.
(Kevin)
Welcome to Shore Dogs.
(Karrie)
Good morning!
You got me that?
This is the special one.
Uh-huh.
All right?
This is my favorite bandana
that I only wear
on special occasions.
Okay.
Since it's bike week,
I figured that
you would wear it.
Okay. I'm gonna
wear it now?
You can.
Okay.
You have to tie it
for me.
(Codi)
So, normal place
that you'd work,
you know, you start
at the bottom
and you work your way up.
So you start out,
then you become, like, manager,
then like owner,
then like CEO.
Well, here at Shore Dogs,
you know, you reach
cutoff sleeve status.
There you go.
Hell yeah.
(Codi)
I've already reached
cutoff sleeve status.
Now I've reached
bandana status.
So that's pretty much like
administration level.
(Kevin)
Doesn't he look sexy
with that bandana on now?
It makes the outfit now.
(Jeremiah)
It actually does
bring it all together.
It brings it all together.
Codi to biker.
Damn...
That was one hell of
a look she just gave you.
Oh, it was interesting.
(Codi)
Doin' great.
Yeah.
Sure, we'll put 'em up.
Yeah, no problem.
(man)
Appreciate it, man.
See ya.
(woman)
Thank you, dear.
So, like bike week
is a big deal?
Down here?
Oh, my God, yeah.
(Kortni)
Bike week is huge.
This is like spring break for
adults that have motorcycles.
Oh, my gosh.
That's what you're
gonna be coming into.
It's just gonna be insanity
for you guys to go anywhere.
You can barely walk,
'cause there's bikes
that are just bikes,
like back to back,
like rows and rows
and rows and rows.
Like, Benders...
(Codi)
What are we gonna do?
Where are we gonna
go out and drink and stuff?
Get a keg and sit
on the beach.
(Codi, chuckling)
Oh, jeez.
I just don't go nowhere.
It's kind of hard just throw us
into a bar full of bikers
when we all dress
completely different.
We don't have chaps on
and leather.
Like, I'm the king
of frat boys...
Yeah.
I mean, I pop my collar,
short shorts.
You know, boat shoes.
And I'm dressed like
the new pledge, you know.
I wear palm trees
with pink colors, all right?
And Codi wears pink shirts
with pop collars.
Biker week is (bleep).
I don't really shower
the whole week.
I just stay out
on the beach,
and then I brush my hair out
on Sunday when everyone leaves.
Smelly week is what
it sounds like.
(Codi)
It's safe to say that Kortni
will be the only one to get
any phone numbers.
The rest of us will
go home with stab wounds.
I'm actually
dreading bike week.
Yeah, I don't foresee y'all
being in with the bikers.
Yeah.
It's just like the British.
They're coming.
I don't really wanna be smushed
in between two bikers.
(laughter)
We gotta get out of here.
We've gotta get the (bleep)
out of this place.
Yeah, I think I'll pass.
(Gus)
Comin' up...
I feel like, for us, like,
going somewhere new, exciting.
Just like what we did
in New Orleans.
Where would y'all-- any options
where you guys wanna go?
I wouldn't mind going
to, like... Detroit.
What?
Uh...
(Nilsa)
What's in Detroit?
(laughter)
♪♪
Only baby girls you can find
are about 60 during bike week.
True.
Obviously,
younger girls
are more our demographic.
(laughing)
So, uh, that's
what I'm saying.
I'm kind of down to get
the (bleep) outta here.
Yeah.
God, it'd be so much fun.
PCB's great, we love it,
it's our home.
We're gonna be hanging out
with 56-year-old bikers?
But, it's bike week...
I mean, we need a change
of scenery.
Nilsa.
Hmm? What?
Nilsa, baby, we got
a house meeting.
Get yo' ass in gear.
Come on. House meeting.
Hold on, I'm,
like, half asleep.
Okay, you ready?
Come on.
If y'all are 'bout
to yell at me,
I'm about to
go back to sleep.
I'm gonna let
Father Jeremiah
start this one off.
We know bike week
is coming around.
And I feel like,
for us, like,
our genre isn't
necessarily bike week.
And I would see no better way
than going somewhere new,
exciting, just like what
we did in New Orleans,
and shared
that experience together.
Feedin' off that, like,
where would y'all--
any options where
you guys wanna go?
I wouldn't mind
going to like... Detroit.
Hold on, first of all,
Detroit.
♪♪
Who the hell wants
to go to Detroit?
Uh...
(Nilsa)
What's in Detroit?
(laughter)
My cousin, um, Nenaw
live in Detroit.
He cool.
What?
(Codi)
We gonna go stay with Nenaw?
That's what we're doing?
I mean...
Back to New Orleans!
We need somewhere new.
I mean, somewhere
even further south.
Vegas!
Somewhere like Miami.
I mean, even if it's
still instate, I--
I'm just-- I'm down to go
have a killer summer, dude.
Miami!
(Kirk)
I have a good idea.
What y'all think about
Cabo, Mexico, baby?
(Gus)
Yes! Yes!
Where's Cabo?
Yes!
(laughter)
We don't even
know what that is?
I don't know
what Cabo is.
But we'll go.
Cabo sounds like
corn on the cob.
Cabo is like
a newer Cancun.
Everyone goes there
to get (bleep) up.
They get lit.
I don't know what
Cancun is, either.
I've never been to Cabo,
never been to Mexico,
but I've seen Google.
Y'all down for Cabo?
All in favor?
(all)
Yes!
The ayes have it!
(all)
Yes! Yes! Yes!
I never been
to Mexico, either.
The only phrases you guys
need to know
is, "Por favor,
dame una margarita."
That means,
"Please give me a margarita."
Okay, so some of my favorite
Spanish phrases are,
"¿Dónde está el baño?"
Because that just rolls
right off the tongue.
That means,
"Where is the bathroom?"
Hola.
That means hello.
(bleep) madre (bleep).
Cerveza.
That means beer.
I think it means like,
"(bleep) your mother, bitch."
I'm not sure.
So I think cognac is French,
so I'm hoping that cognac
is the same in English
as it is in Spanish,
so I think I should be good.
¡Parrrra!
¿Te gusta mi palmas?
"Do you like
my palm trees?"
Uh, (bleep).
Taco. Heh. Burrito.
Tequila.
I actually got
an "A" in Spanish.
You know what
my Spanish name was?
El Negro. Ha!
The most important phrase
in Spanish I need to know
is (bleep) my cookie.
(both humming)
♪ Thot and plot
in Mexico ♪
Just can't stop dabbing.
So excited.
(Gus)
Comin' up...
Gussy can't drink tonight.
Why?
We gotta be sober
when I break
the news to Nilsa
that this is... done.
He tells me he doesn't
see anything with me,
I'm a (bleep) savage,
and I'll go to Mexico
and (bleep) everybody
in Mexico.
Okay, don't do that.
Uh, that's not...
Let's not jump
to that extreme.
♪♪
(grunting)
♪ Margaritas and señoritas ♪
♪ All in Cabo ♪
♪♪
Gus, are you out here?
Just doing some
burpees and jump squats.
I'm trying
to have a good time,
and I don't want you freaking
counting calories in Mexico.
You understand
what I'm saying?
I hear you,
it's just not...
registering
in my brain.
Then again, also,
dude, like...
you know how you always
talk about like how
actions speak louder
than words, dawg?
In regards to?
The Nilsa situation, bro.
Oh, yeah.
I know, trust me.
'Cause whether--
whether she can claim
that it's just
casual sex or not,
you know it's not true.
And if you continue
to do it,
it just doesn't
reflect well on you.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
So my only advice:
make sure you cut it
before we go...
Oh, dude, there
is no way in hell
I'm going to Mexico and
having anything lingering.
'Cause I'm not trying
to go to Mexico and deal
with that drama.
(Gus)
This is the end of the me
and Nilsa snuggle sessions.
You know, the holding hands,
the going out being hip-and-hip.
Because if we go to Mexico,
and there's still thoughts
lingering in her head,
that's not gonna be good
for her or myself.
Trust me, it is something I've
known I've had to do for awhile.
It's just literally, like,
I put it off
because I don't wanna hurt her,
and that's gonna hurt her.
Whether you hook up with
Nilsa in Mexico or not,
I'm gonna have a blast.
(laughing)
Whether you are,
on the other hand,
that's another story.
Nah, I know that you're
only telling me 'cause
you're looking out for me.
Yeah.
Even though you
interrupted my workout.
But it's all good.
I'll forgive you
this one time
and this one time only!
One time!
'Cause we're
going to Cabo!
Geek!
Whoa!
Now let me work out.
♪♪
Hey, Nilsa...
What?
How do you say, "Shut
the (bleep) up in Spanish?"
Um... (bleep)
I think you're (bleep).
(bleep).
Shut (bleep).
Shut the (bleep) up.
(laughing)
So there's only a couple phrases
like you have to know
to go to like
a Spanish-speaking country.
So luckily for me,
my mom speaks Spanish,
so I can put like
a little booklet together
for my roommates.
Mom, what's the things I need
to know how to say in Spanish?
This is what I know so far.
Por favor dame cerveza.
Necesito un baño
para vomitar.
How do you order, like,
el hot dogo?
¿Dónde está pantalones?
This is the most
important one.
How do I say "thottin'
and plottin'" in Spanish?
Mom, do you know
what a thot is?
Mom said we better
not say that, heh.
Mom, how do we say
chi-chis up in Spanish?
Las... chachitas?
Tetitas. Las tetitas.
¡Arriba, las tetitas,
arriba!
Chi-chis up...
for Mexico,
and also we know how
to say chi-chis up in Spanish.
Las tetitas, hombre.
(both)
¡Las tetitas, hombre!
Wait.
Arriba. Arriba.
Arriba.
Oh, we said it
the wrong way.
¡Las tetitas, arriba!
¡Vamanos, vamanos!
(Kirk)
¡Vamanos!
¡Las tetitas!
(Aimee and Nilsa)
¡Arriba!
♪♪
I hate to say it,
boys, I really do.
(all)
What?
Gussy can't drink tonight.
Why?
We gotta be sober when
I break the news to Nilsa
that this is done.
You're breaking up
with her?
So you're breaking up
with her for the third time?
(laughing)
It ain't a breakup.
We ain't datin'.
Oh, mi corazon.
(Codi and Kirk)
Mi corazon!
Ohh...
Every time I've done it,
I've been a little
too intoxicated.
So I might have
sugar coated it a little bit
to try not to hurt
her feelings,
but I gotta be
as stern as possible.
And so I gotta be completely
in the right state of mind.
I'm trying to let her down easy,
just saying, you know,
I'm not interested,
I just don't wanna
date anybody right now.
You know, I'm trying to go about
it as nice as humanly possible.
Well, I went and got a tux.
What the (bleep), man?
(Gus)
Better get you a refund.
♪♪
Heading out to the bar tonight,
I'm really conflicted.
I don't know
if I should just play it cool
and keep my distance from Gus,
because we're about to go to
Cabo, Mexico.
Like, let's go,
leave the drama here,
and have a good time in Cabo.
Cheers to... ¡Méjico!
¡Méjico! ¡Méjico! ¡Méjico!
Cheers to  Méjico.
(bleep)!
♪♪
♪ I'm gonna
kill another bottle ♪
Whoo!
♪♪
(Gus)
Everybody's been drinking,
but I'm still good, I can still
hold a regular conversation.
I know what needs
to be said tonight.
I'm just waiting
for the right moment
where I can actually
talk to her
and not necessarily
hurt her feelings,
but just lay everything
out on the table.
♪♪
By the tone of his voice,
I can this is not gonna be
the flirty, fun bar talk.
Shut up, Gus, just like
kiss me already.
I'm tired of hearing
all this blah-blah-blah.
I notice Gus has leaned over
and is talking to Nilsa,
and Nilsa's like...
"Uh! Oh, my God.
I'm all ears, Gus."
You know, I'm like...
(sighs)
Here we go.
♪♪
(Gus)
I really need
to end things with Nilsa,
but I don't know how to break
things off with girls.
I would much rather
someone break up with me.
(Nilsa)
Gus's mouth is too pretty
for him to keep
saying the same thing
over and over and over again.
Like, just shut up and kiss me.
Thotmobiles
are here, guys!
are here.
(bleep).
♪♪
(bleep) damn it!
She's not
letting you say no.
That's what I'm sayin'!
God!
You're being too nice.
I'd already be like,
"Know what, Nilsa?
Like, let's just stop.
It's not (bleep) happening."
I hope Codi keeps his mouth shut
in there, though.
I got a question
for y'all.
And I got
a question for you.
What?
Why do you want
to be with Gus?
(Candace)
All I'ma say is that,
as a friend, I don't think that
that's something
that you should pursue.
You're a beautiful woman
and your value is...
times 100.
Nilsa's way too beautiful,
she's way too smart.
She has so much
to offer somebody,
and the fact that
she throwing herself
at somebody named Gus...
is a problem.
And I know that you
at the point right now
where you are looking
for something more,
and I'm telling you,
if he's telling you
he ain't offering more,
don't expect more.
Move on with it.
But he tells me he doesn't
see anything with me,
I'm a (bleep) savage,
and I'll go to Mexico
and (bleep) everybody
in Mexico.
Okay, don't do that.
Uh, that's not
the solution.
Let's don't jump
to that extreme.
So if you something real,
you save your realness
for somebody that's ready
for your realness.
Don't like, don't--
don't be putting
yourself out there,
'cause you so much
better than that.
You are not
no bitch rider.
But you number one.
You the first choice.
You the main.
You're
the first-round pick.
And if you ain't
the first-round pick
in his eyes...
Then (bleep) him.
...then you need to
stop wasting your time.
Damn! I wouldn't let
somebody just keep
coming in and just porking me,
and I'm not getting
nothing back.
Nilsa ain't
getting no date,
no credit card
to go shopping on.
Somebody touch me like that,
you owe me dinner and a movie.
At least, heh.
♪♪
I saw yas.
How'd that ride go?
Actually,
not bad at all, dude.
Honestly, it's just time for me
to go to bed by myself.
I'm not 'bout to chase someone.
So good night, Gus,
see you in the morning.
♪ I know the rules ♪
♪ I play the game ♪
♪ But here we are ♪
♪ Something's changed ♪
You going to bed
already?
Mm-hmm.
Wanna go outside
and talk for a minute?
Or you just wanna
go to bed?
Um, we can talk tomorrow.
I'm really tired.
To me, I feel like we need
to talk now, I really do.
It's okay, like, if you
don't see a future with me,
then that's okay,
I'll move on.
♪ You had me
right from the start ♪
♪ Heartbeats, backseats,
under the stars ♪
♪ You made me crazy
for thinking ♪
♪ That this could have
been any different ♪
Gus's actions speak
louder than his words!
Like, Gus, okay then,
leave me alone.
Stop snuggling up to me.
Stop making
those eyes at me.
Like, maybe in his head,
he thinks if he gives me
this speech enough,
he'll convince himself
that he's not into me.
So what now?
No more snuggling, kissing,
holding hands, nothing?
I think that's
the smartest thing.
Okay. I'm going to bed.
Good night, girly.
(sighs)
(indistinct chatter downstairs)
Okay, so?
I guess we're... over.
I guess we're done.
♪♪
Nilsa, you will find
somebody that will love you.
And you'll love them.
Life sucks sometimes,
but it always gets better.
Remember that.
I know.
Okay, good night.
Love you.
♪♪